Update contributing section (#12)
hyphacoop/remote: index.md

## Contributing to this Guide

> We welcome improvements to this guide. There are a few key ways you can help us improve our projects, read our [contributor guidelines](contributing) to find out how to submit feedback, requests, and bugs as well as code and documentation changes to our [code repository](https://github.com/hyphacoop/remote).

Author: ```suggestion
We welcome improvements to this guide. There are a few key ways you can help us improve our projects, read our [contributor guidelines](contributing) to find out how to submit feedback, requests, and bug reports as well as code and documentation changes to our [code repository](https://github.com/hyphacoop/remote).
```
